[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> If you wish to make an
apple pie from scratch,
you must first
invent the universe.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Well, Lyssa, thank you for
doing this, for coming in.
And you've been in the
scene for quite some time,
in the channeling scene--
many years, many--
>> Decades.
So how did it how did
it all start for you?
I'm sure you've told this
a million times but--
>> Doesn't matter.
It's still an interesting story.
It really started
with a UFO sighting.
In 1979, I was living
in New Hampshire.
At the time, I was in college.
So I always tell people they
can do the math about my age
by knowing I was in
college at that time.
And it was in New
Hampshire, which
was well-known for a lot
of UFO classic cases,
like Betty and Barney
Hill as an example.
>> Oh, OK.
Yeah, yeah.
>> Yes.
So it happened
during a snow storm
where this very
bright light appeared
in the forest across the
street from my house.
It was witnessed by my
family, and it was obviously
nothing conventional.
So it really was the thing that
motivated me to find answers.
At that time in college,
I was studying psychology.
So one of the methods
that I was experimenting
with in my psychological
studies was self-hypnosis.
So when I would practice
it for my classwork,
I noticed that I could
go into a very deep state
of consciousness.
And sometimes-- at this time,
I was not receiving messages,
but I was sensing things
in a different way.
So you can see how the two paths
are starting to come together.
And after I graduated college,
I moved to Los Angeles,
about 1983 time period.
And this was the time when the
New Age movement was really
exploding in Los Angeles
with Shirley MacLaine's book,
"Out on a Limb" primarily.
And that's what got
me into the field,
reading some of these
new books coming out
and many more UFO sightings
actually in Los Angeles,
sometimes over the freeway.
And that led
eventually to seeing
Darryl Anka channel Bashar.
>> What year was
that when he started?
>> When I started, it was 19-
>> With Darryl.
>> With Darryl, it was
probably 1984 or 1985.
>> Oh,OK.
All right.
>> So at that time, he was just
doing sessions in a living room
for 10 people.
So it was really like--
>> And you got in on that?
>> I got in on that.
>> Wow.
OK.
>> I was going two to
three times a week.
>> Wow.
OK.
>> And Bashar really
became my mentor.
And when the channeling
started to happen,
he helped to guide me as well.
The channeling itself started
because I had a dream.
And in the dream,
a boy from India
appeared, touched my
chakras, and said,
you will be a channel.
>> Wow.
>> And when I woke up, it was
a little bit freaky because I
knew what a channel was,
obviously, but I thought,
how in the world is that
going to happen for me?
And I didn't really pursue it.
It kind of pursued me, which
was really interesting.
So that's the very beginnings.
>> Wow.
OK.
Very cool.
And then did you start
channeling publicly soon
after that, or
did you just start
how Darryl started, doing
the living room thing?
>> Well, it was actually
a little bit of both.
I started with friends first,
but very often as a channel,
you need--
at least I needed further
guidance and a mentorship.
So Darryl's wife actually,
Erica, called me one day
and said that a
woman in Los Angeles
was giving a channeling class.
There was one more space,
and she signed me up for it.
So that was really the
universe pushing me.
So the class was 10 people,
and we eventually whittled down
to five in the '80s, and we
practiced together for a year.
We called ourselves the Channel
Panel actually, in 1985.
>> Oh, OK.
Wow.
So the Channel
Panel has a history.
>> The Channel
And we started doing public
events as a five group.
>> And who was all in the
five, if you don't mind--
>> I don't mind saying, but--
>> --if you even
remember everybody.
>> --I don't think anyone or--
maybe just a few are
doing publicly now.
There was Darryl's wife, Erica.
She'll probably kill
me for saying that.
>> Oh, really?
She channeled too?
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
OK.
>> She was channeling a
Sirius being at the time.
>> Wow.
OK.
>> And a woman named Pam
and a man named Bruce--
who knew Darryl from the
special effects industry--
and a man named Steven, who
lives, I think, in Hawaii now,
and then me.
>> Wow.
And obviously you're
still doing it.
Darryl's still doing it.
Do you know-- have you kept in
touch with anybody else or--
>> Well, I'm still in
touch with Darryl and--
>> Sure.
>> --his wife, Erica, of course.
My friend Pam, we communicate
a little bit and a little bit
with Steven.
We've all gone off in
our own directions,
but the bond we have I
think is still there.
It's very strong.
>> Nice.
>> It was a really
important time in my life.
>> Wow.
And I mean, the process of
channeling, how does it--
in these I'm, I guess,
thinking about the others who
no longer do it publicly.
Is it something
that you have to--
in a public setting,
we see the breathing
or whatever your process is.
I'm sure we'll get
into that later.
But how did you carry that
into your daily life, I guess?
I'm wondering, especially those
who no longer channel publicly,
do they still, on this side at
home, do they channel or what?
How does that work?
>> Well, I think our background
was really unique as channels
because there's a little
bit of a lineage here.
And it might seem like
I'm taking a tangent,
but the person who trained
Darryl was like the grandfather
we see.
It was a man named Thomas Ari.
And at the time, he
was channeling Seth.
>> Oh, OK.
Wow.
This is after Jane Roberts?
>> Yes.
So this was still maybe
late '70s, early '80s now.
And then Darryl
studied with him.
And my teacher, Sean Randall,
studied also under Tom.
And then they birthed
us, so to speak,
and there's kind of this
lineage that happened.
But the really cool
thing is that at the time
I was training, there
was a woman at UCLA
who was studying--
she was getting her
doctorate, and she
was studying the effect of
channeling on the channel, him
or herself, and what
happens to the consciousness
over long periods of time if
you work with clearing the ego
and you really work with seeing
channeling as a way to evolve
yourself as a human being.
So they were studying
this at UCLA,
and that was part
of her doctorate.
>> Wow.
That's-- wow.
>> And her theory was that--
of course, Darryl was one of
the subjects of the study.
So her theory was
that if we continue
to go through our lives
as channels, continuing
to be devoted to our
own growth, the entities
and the human being
can begin to blend.
So, for example, Darryl
channels his future self.
And one of the beings I channel,
Sasha, is a future self of me.
So the theory was--
>> That seems to be a theme.
>> It seems to be a theme.
>> Yeah.
Not all the time but--
>> Yes, but it's
an important theme.
And we can get into
that later because it
has to do with the
evolution of humankind
and things such as that.
But so the idea was
that over a lifetime,
if the energies can
begin to integrate,
then we're really ushering in
a new level of consciousness
of integrated consciousness
into the human collective.
Unfortunately, the
professor died very shortly
after her dissertation,
so she couldn't really
see through the end of her--
>> Yeah.
It seems in the '80s,
when Darryl and--
did Abraham come on the
scene around that time too?
>> I think it was after that.
>> After that.
>> Or I wasn't aware of--
>> And you mentioned the study,
and from what I have been
looking back--
at that time, I was
oblivious to all this work.
But we have Ramtha and others
that came onto the scene.
It seems like there
was a big push for it,
and then it sort of fell
away in the '90s, 2000s.
What happened there?
Any ideas?
Speculations?
>> I only have my own theories.
That time period of the early
to mid-80s seemed to be a nexus
point almost in our history
where we made a shift into more
of a spiritual
perspective and maybe--
>> Would this be the
harmonic convergence?
>> Yeah, it was around the
harmonic convergence time.
Now, of course,
during that time,
though, you have, in a sense
the other polarity or pole of it
where you had a lot of the
negative stories about Ramtha
and about channeling.
And those negative
stories really seeded.
>> Yeah, well, I had personal
experience with Ramtha and--
>> I haven't, so I--
>> Yeah, so it's--
I won't get into it now.
But I haven't publicly said
this too much, but I've had--
my mother was involved
with the Ramtha thing.
And I was a young
age in high school,
and it really turned my life
in a negative direction.
So I was very against it.
And the fact that I'm doing
this now-- it's very--
>> I know, It's
very interesting.
Good for you.
>> Full circle.
And even my mother, she
got out of the whole Ramtha
thing and everything.
But she's got PTSD--
>> Oh.
I can imagine.
>> --from that experience, and
it's hard for her to even watch
my videos--
>> Wow.
>> --because of the PTSD
from that whole thing.
She's still very spiritual
and open to a lot of stuff.
Sometimes, she says
it's hard for her
to revisit, to go watch people
who go into those channels
too because of her negative
experiences with that.
>> Because of the opening
that happened so profoundly,
a lot of people were trying
channeling or were opening
the channeling, but
they didn't have--
I just feel so fortunate
for the training
I had because most
channels don't
get the training
of clearing the ego
and working on the
deep inner levels
so that you're
channeling becomes
a process of integration rather
than fragmentation where you're
channeling inner
voices, perhaps,
more so than the
energies coming through.
>> So I know there was a
lot of also, at that time,
channels who created
a lot of chaos and--
>> Sure.
>> --cult energies--
>> Exactly.
>> --and that added to the
perception of channeling.
>> All of the channelers
that I've been interviewing
for the series and
come in contact with--
I'm definitely being guided--
but I've found my key--
I hate to use this
term, but my BS meter--
>> I have one, too.
>> --which is-- and this
is just for me personally,
but it seems to work.
And if anybody's speaking
about separation or unity,
that's the key thing.
Is it unity or separation?
If there's anything
in the course
of the information that's being
channeled or coming through--
if it talks about unity and
if it's all about unity,
then that tends to be the ones
that I focus on in my series.
And then the whole separation
and idea of separation
and putting barriers and
all these things, so--
>> Yes.
I agree, 100%.
>> And for those
who are watching,
maybe you use that as a
discernment tool for--
>> And it's very subtle because
there's some material also that
claims to be talking about unity
but is really just facilitating
separation.
>> Yeah.
Yeah, it's a tricky game.
>> It's a good growth
lesson for everyone, really.
>> And when I say BS, not that
the people that are actually
channeling are
actually making it up.
They just might be
tapping into entities
that may not be of
the best interest
for humanities evolution.
>> Or they haven't
processed themselves enough,
and when the energy comes
through, it can distort.
>> There you go.
That's it.
>> Now, have you come across
anybody that, because of that,
because they're not
able to process,
are they actually
bringing in energies,
matching frequency so to say?
So if their frequency,
if their ego is still
more involved in that process,
do they channel entities
with egos that are
involved with that, just--
>> This is a wonderful--
>> --or is it them??
>> Well, this is a wonderful
geeky discussion that I really
love.
But I'm kind of radical
on this because--
>> Sure.
>> --it's real easy
for people to say, oh,
it's a negative entity,
or it's a positive entity.
>> Sure.
>> But I see the human
consciousness more of being
like a filter, and we attract
the same frequency that
we're running, basically.
>> Right.
Yeah.
That's the way I see it.
>> So if you are conspiratorial
and you're into more
of the separation thing, then
the channeling that is coming
through you is going to really
reflect those belief systems.
Whether that's the entity?
I'm more inclined to think it's
the channel, not the entity.
And I'm certainly not
pointing any fingers.
>> Sure.
>> We all have our own
processing we need to do.
>> Fascinating.
I can see that.
So I've been told--
and I'll say this-- but when my
mom was involved in the Ramtha
thing, the idea that
helped her break
free from being
in that situation
was that another entity came
through and was doing things
that-- so the original
Ramtha energy that was there
in the beginning
fell to the side.
And then another energy
came through that,
claimed to be the same entity.
So I've heard different takes.
>> I've heard that too.
>> But I like that take.
It seems to make, on a logical,
grounded earth level it seems
like that's--
>> Because if you
think about it,
those of us that are doing
channeling work or any type
of spiritual teaching work,
even the ancient scriptures,
the ancient Hindu scriptures,
say this, that you get tested.
And you get very
big challenges when
you're doing this kind of
work, and you basically
move to the next level
of your evolution
if you can move through those
challenges with grace and ease.
>> Sure.
>> And so the challenges
get bigger and bigger.
And that's how we grow.
>> And you have to
step up to the plate.
>> Yeah.
And the minute we blame other
people or other entities,
we've lost the point of--
yeah.
>> So the '80s were this
epic period of channeling.
>> Yes.
Epic.
>> And then the research
stopped in that sense.
Have you heard of--
I heard in Darryl's new movie,
the "First Contact" movie,
that he actually had somebody
hook up the EKG machine
to his head.
And where they doing
that back then or--
>> Yes.
They were just starting
to do the EKG work then.
But again, even
technology at that time
was very different
than it is now.
>> Sure.
For sure.
>> I know that people have
been doing the research.
I can't really
quote it very well.
I haven't read it.
But one of the things I do
know about that research
is that one of the
things they've found
is that, for instance, if I'm
sitting here talking to you,
my beta brainwave state
is more active because I'm
Lyssa in this physical reality.
But if I'm channeling,
they've found
all the different brainwaves
states heightened.
So it's as if the entire brain
is in an active and integrative
state.
And actually, I believe
Dr. Oz did a show on this.
It's on--
>> Oh, he did?
OK.
--his website.
And what they found--
I can't, unfortunately,
quote the science,
but actually, the link is
still up on his website.
But what they found
is that the way
the brain is firing when a
person is doing channeling
is it appears
there's input coming
from outside the
person's own brain, which
is another kind of validation
for this type of work.
>> So I have a theory on
channelers and the channelings.
I always tell people, no
matter what, there's 50% of--
so there's never fully this
other entity coming through.
There's still, whoever the
channeler is, is there's
going to be a 50%--
and maybe I just
pulled that number out.
But I like to explain to people.
Because a lot of people
get scared, or oh,
this entity's taking
over their body.
And I said, no--
>> No.
>> --it's at least 50%.
It's an agreement.
At least 50% of that
person is coming through.
And then it could be
even more, depending
on how well that
person can channel
that information through.
But at minimum or
maximum, you're
going to get 50% of the
other person no matter what.
>> I agree with that,
and furthermore,
I think a lot of that has to do
with the evolutionary process
that we're involved
with as humans now.
Because if you look, for
instance, at Edgar Cayce,
he would go into a sleep state.
And it was a state of
separation, really.
That was appropriate for
the early days of mediumship
and things such as that.
But now, we're going into
the stage of integration
as a collective
consciousness as human beings
where we can no longer maintain
that state of separation.
In fact, I've come to see
that that form of channeling
is very hard on the body.
And so now, in order to
make this evolutionary leap,
there has to be that
partnership between the energy
and the human.
So one of your earlier
questions was about,
how do you integrate
it in your daily life?
And I think that if we're doing
our inner work as channels
sincerely that the integration
starts happening naturally,
and that's how our channeling
gets clearer and clearer
and deeper and deeper.
>> Interesting.
Yeah, that makes sense.
When you channel, do you--
I mean, I've seen videos.
Your eyes are open.
You're there.
You're present or--
>> No.
>> No?
How does that work?
>> When I'm channeling--
>> Are you in a
trance completely?
>> Yes.
I'm in a trance state.
>> OK.
What do you--
>> I don't want to say
completely because I had
training in how to walk
and how to drink and things
in the channeling state.
So you can, if you know Lyssa
and then you know the beings
I'm channeling, you
can see the difference.
But after 30-something years
now, it's much more fluid.
So my eyes are closed--
>> They are closed.
OK.
>> --but I do get up and
draw on the board and things.
And they will use my eyes
just slightly like a peep--
>> Oh, OK.
>> Almost echo location, like
a dolphin, to find the terrain.
And then they close
my eyes again.
>> OK.
Fascinating.
>> Yeah, it's
really interesting.
>> And over the
years, like you said--
and I've interviewed other
channelers and stuff too.
It does seem-- what you just
said, just to validate--
that there's less and
less trance channeling,
deep trance channeling,
and more of a--
what do they call it?
Conscious--
>> Conscious channeling.
Yes.
>> --conscious channeling where
you're sort of there and you
can sort of hear all the
information that's there--
>> Yeah.
>> Is that how-- do you hear
what's going on in the moment,
or do you have to
go back and rewatch?
>> The best metaphor that
I've used for this is
Lyssa's talking to you now,
so Lyssa's driving the car.
But my higher self and the
beings are in the back seat.
But when I go into
the channeling state,
Lyssa's going in the back seat
and they're driving the car.
And usually what it
feels like for me
is I'm sitting in the back seat,
and I'm looking out the window.
But I can hear their
conversation in the front seat.
But the interesting thing is
I can have my own experience
in the back seat.
And what is coming out
verbally when I'm channeling
is about 30% of the
download that I'm getting.
The download itself cannot
be encapsulated into words.
Sometimes it feels
like my head's
going to explode because
it can't all come out.
>> I see.
>> But experientially, I have
the experience of the download.
>> I see.
I've interviewed other
entities that talk about--
and then I ask them, in the
moment, where's your being?
What are you doing right now?
And they're like,
well, I'm having
a conversation with
my son on my planet
and these kinds of things.
And then at the same
time, I'm actually
being channeled in
another planet over here,
and my consciousness
is over there.
So a lot's going on.
>> A lot's going on.
>> And I guess I love that
analogy of the front seat
and back seat where you're
just letting somebody else--
you're there in the car, but
you're just letting somebody
else drive for a minute.
>> Yeah.
I have to say, though,
it does feel, for me--
I don't know about
other channels--
my trance state has deepened
in the last six years
but not deepened in the Edgar
Cayce way, the separation way.
>> Sure.
>> It's like going deeper into
the quantum and still being
able to come back.
But it's a sense
of being deeper.
It's really hard to describe.
>> So maybe if you just
think you're digesting
the information-- you're able
to process the information
a little bit deeper, so you
have to go deeper to get it?
>> Yes, I think so.
Because sometimes
it's so intense
that it's really
exhausting, which
is usually why I try to have
a break when I'm channeling--
>> Sure.
>> --after an hour
or so just to ground.
>> Right.
Right, right.
I've heard your
channel several beings.
Could you tell us--
I know later we'll probably
get into some of them,
but could you just tell us, over
the evolution, who came first?
How did that all work?
>> Well, in the '80s, at the
very beginning when I started--
this is common for everyone.
When I teach channeling,
I tell my students this.
Sometimes at the beginning
it's a lot of different ones.
And they might be there
for a short period of time,
or they might just visit once.
The first being I was
channeling regularly
for about a three-year
period in the '80s
was a being called Radia.
And she was a collective
consciousness mostly associated
with Arcturus, the
star, Arcturus,
which is actually one of the
simplest energies to channel.
It's very easy for humans
to tap into that energy.
>> Then in '88, I went
through a real shift,
and I had had more
UFO experiences.
And that's when Sasha came.
Sasha is the female
Pleiadian being
I've been channeling since
'88 and who also says she's
a future incarnation of me.
But back then, Sasha was
very different than Lyssa,
personality wise, energy wise.
They were like opposite
ends of the spectrum.
But remembering the
theory I was telling you
about about the
channeling process being
an integrative one, I've seen
that her theories were true
because Sasha and Lyssa
have come closer and closer
and closer and closer
together to the point
now that sometimes
when I'm doing contact
work outside at
night in the dark,
it's like Lyssa and
Sasha become one,
and I don't know where
one ends and one begins.
Not in a state of
schizophrenia though, however.
>> Sure.
Sure.
So but that in a positive
way, in a positive sense then.
>> In a positive way.
In an amazingly positive way
that is helping me as a human,
I think, become a
better human being.
So that's that Sasha, and her
focus tends to be on the--
some people use
the term ascension.
I don't use that term, but
the shift in consciousness
that humans are going through.
She also is really strong
on the whole contact
issue, which is her love and
one of the main reasons why
she's here.
>> Awesome.
>> And then there is
another collective.
He calls himself--
I say he.
He's not a he nor she--
collective called
Germane-- not St. Germain.
Spelled G-E-R-M-A-N-E because
it's the English word meaning
coming from the same source.
So that's why he
chose that name,
to show that he's coming
from the same source.
Basically, the way to
describe his collective
is that if our entire
galactic family
went through their
shift, their ascension,
moving back to the one,
and became a collective,
it's the energy of
that collective.
>> And when you say
galactic family,
the galactic family that we're
familiar with, the Arcturians,
the Pleiadians--
>> I would say mostly the
ones we're familiar with,
but many of those we're
not familiar with too.
Yes.
So that energy, Germane,
he says many people
tap into it on the planet
by different names.
>> OK.
Yeah, because I interviewed
Micheila Sheldon.
She channels a group.
She described it similarly.
It's called the Council of
Light that is a collective
of collectives, so to say, and
it was very galactic and it's--
>> Yes.
When you get up
there, there's not
that many collectives
left because everybody's
coming together.
>> Going to the source.
Anybody else?
I mean, you mentioned--
I've heard you channel
Calvin the Mantis being
and you mentioned a Yahyel
being came through recently.
So how does that work?
Does it just happen
on the fly or--
>> It usually
happens on the fly.
It often happens when I'm doing
a contact work, in general,
because we're focusing on that
issue of galactic energies.
There is one being who's a
Sirian ambassador named Hamne.
He's kind of like the big wig,
and when he comes it's like,
everybody shut up.
>> Oh, wow.
>> We joke with him, but
he's very well-respected.
And he's been working
a lot, especially
with my students in
Japan about opening--
the integration of the
mental-emotional bodies
and moving into the quantum
states of consciousness.
And then as you mentioned,
there was-- only once--
the Mantis being, Kelvin, who
came during a contact retreat
where the temperature dropped
about 10 or 15 degrees when
he was channeling.
And recently-- big
surprise to me--
a Yahyel being came.
In the past, I had
channeled Essassani,
and I had channeled Bashar.
Darryl knows about that.
Every once in a while.
But the Essassani
energy is unmistakable.
So recently, there was a
woman in the audience who
asked about the Yahyel
beings, and I could feel--
it's hard to describe, but
it's like you can feel it
coming at you like a torpedo.
>> Oh, a torpedo.
OK.
>> --and especially
Essassani, hybrid.
>> Sure.
>> And the Yahyel's a
very similar frequency.
>> Very similar frequency.
And it was a very short
message, but I felt it coming.
And again, my
training as a channel
is to always watch internally
my response to the energy.
Am I resisting it?
If I'm resisting it, relax.
Let go.
Surrender.
Am I blocking it?
Is there fear because I
don't want to hear something?
We have to constantly
always watch our ego.
So I'm juggling things
in the back seat
of the car at the same time.
But anyway, the Yahyel--
>> Because somebody's getting
in the back of your car.
They're going to take
over the driving.
>> Yeah, and it's like,
I know this energy.
But it's so intense.
And I'm trained at this point to
know that even if I resist it,
let go.
So eventually, I let go and
the energy came through.
So if you're hearing it, it
sounds Essassani in some ways.
>> Most of the Yahyel
channels that I've--
>> I didn't know that.
>> --that I've come
across with it,
and they use the same four or
five laws of the universe--
the Bashar.
>> Oh, interesting.
>> They repeat them verbatim--
>> Interesting.
>> --all the time.
All is the one.
One is all.
You exist.
You can't do anything about it.
What you put it in
is what you put out.
The whole-- and everything
changes except for those laws.
Those things.
>> Wow.
I don't honestly listen to
a lot of other channels--
not because I don't want
to be tainted, but I just--
that's work for me, so I don't.
It's not my relaxing activity
to listen to other channels.
>> And when you have
a direct line, why?
Especially to all
the numerous ones
that you seem to
be tapping into.
>> I didn't know other people
that channel Yahyel that it
sounds like that.
I didn't realize it.
>> Yeah.
Very, very similar.
Very similar.
I because I'm-- as I
was saying yesterday--
trying to put together
a glossary or thesaurus,
encyclopedia of all of the
different energies out there.
And that's what this series is.
So I've been paying
attention and looking
at the little nuances
and trying to find--
>> So the hybrid races--
I'm curious to find more
about the other hybrid races
because we really only
know about the Essassani
and the Yahyel.
>> There is all kinds.
Sometimes in the contact
work, we come across--
maybe I've channeled them.
I don't remember-- like
a Pleiadian-Zeta hybrid
or a Pleiadian-Sirian hybrid.
Of course, those are
just the species we know.
>> Right and Treb
from Rob Gauthier,
he's a reptilian-human hybrid
and created by Pleiadian-human
hybrids.
It's like everything's a hybrid.
So let me ask this-- and
I might ask this later
in the channeling as
well-- but would you
say the whole
hybridization thing,
is that part of the process
of going back to the oneness?
>> Spot on.
Sasha has said many times that
from the human perspective,
we're seeing this
as, oh, my God.
We're Guinea pigs.
But she said, what you don't
realize is that it's natural.
Look it.
You're Italian-- speaking
of myself-- you're Italian.
You're Native American.
You're a hybrid.
So it's natural.
It's nothing to worry about.
>> So in one spectrum, we
all separated and created
our different species with
this unique uniqueness
but on the other end,
almost simultaneously,
we're all hybridized, coming
together and going back into--
>> And our view of seeing this
hybridization happening is
the linear view of a human ego.
But from the quantum
view, we're already--
>> Entangled.
>> --together.
Entangled.
Exactly.
Yeah.
>> Well, you do a
lot of work in Japan,
and we've talked about this.
And Japan's a dear
place in my heart.
>> Me too.
>> Can you explain to--
because this is probably
not just the Japan audience.
This is more of an
American audience.
What do you do out there?
You go out there all the time,
at least two times a year,
four times a year.
>> Yes.
I am out in Japan all the time.
I started there in 1990,
and right now the work
has really accelerated.
It seems that all my new work
is birthed in Japan first.
I don't necessarily know why.
I'm just going with it.
But I have a
channeling class there
that I work with
for a whole year,
and I give them homework
between the segments.
So the students are amazing.
They're so dedicated
and so excited,
and they humble me all the time
by watching their sincerity.
And of course, every summer
I do a contact retreat
at Mount Fuji, which is one
of the highlights for me--
>> Sure.
--of the year.
>> Yeah.
It's a powerful spot.
>> Yeah, and we have a
lot of repeat students.
So at this point, the
energy's really building.
>> Nice.
>> And we have amazing contact
experiences that happen there.
So I do a lot of private
sessions, regular workshops,
retreats, and, of course,
the channeling class there.
>> And do you offer that kind of
work here in the States as well
or?
>> I do.
We have a yearly contact retreat
here in Arizona, usually,
usually in October every year.
And I do some private
sessions by Skype,
but again, because I'm in Japan
so much, I have to space things
out.
So I don't have a lot of space,
unfortunately, in the States
in my schedule to do work.
So here and there.
>> Here and there.
Well, you've written
a number of books.
If someone wanted to get
more familiar with your work,
how would you recommend--
a book to start with or--
>> The first book, the classic
book, is "The Prism of Lyra,"
which I channeled in 1989.
And the reason I channeled
that book, basically,
was because in the '80s, I
would go into the Bodhi Tree
bookstore in Los Angeles--
And I would want
channeled information
about our galactic family.
And there were zero books
on the shelf at that time,
and I really was hungry to
get the answers to that.
So that's why I channeled the
information, never thinking
it would be considered
such a classic book now,
at this point.
So "The Prism of Lyra"
would be the first book
about the galactic
family, and that led to--
we're still in the '80s now,
and the abduction phenomenon
was happening.
And Whitley Strieber's book
had come out, "Communion."
And to make the story
short, I had this experience
where even I got sucked into
the fear thing about it.
And I was living in
Los Angeles one day,
and I was in the shower.
And I was mentally ranting at
those guys for taking humans.
I had soap all over me, and
suddenly the water shut off.
I received the
communication saying,
do you really want
to know our story?
We'll tell you.
>> Oh.
OK.
>> And that became the book
"Visitors From Within."
>> And that's from Zeta beings?
>> Yes, from Zeta beings.
Bashar has some information
in there and Sasha too.
But there are some
Zeta beings in there.
But it's all about that idea, in
the bigger picture, rather than
the victim and perpetrator idea,
more about species evolution.
>> Yeah, a lot a lot of people
were getting into the fear.
>> Exactly.
>> Well, Whitley, too.
I mean, his experiences
were pretty terrifying.
>> Exactly.
>> And then Budd
Hopkins and, luckily,
John Mack started trying to pull
it back to a more positive--
>> Dear John Mack--
>> --direction.
>> --and what happened.
Yes.
So then, the natural progression
is going from lying in your bed
and being taken to the
question, can we, as humans,
be active participants
in the contact program?
And that really became my
obsession in the early '90s.
So I channeled the book,
mostly from Sasha, "Preparing
for Contact," which, for me, is
my favorite book just because I
love the subject matter.
And the book came out, I think,
in late '93 or early '94.
And then coincidentally,
I met Dr. Steven Greer
at that time, who was just
getting going with CSETI.
And through all these
synchronicities,
I ended up being trained
in his protocol and leading
groups in his protocol.
And those were
wonderful years for me.
But then I found I needed
to go in my own direction
because I had the direct line.
And Sasha was
giving me protocols,
and we were doing experiments.
So I have tremendous respect
for what they've done,
but I just took
a different path.
So that was--
>> You were sort of in
the pioneer group then.
>> Yeah.
Back then, there were only
maybe three or four working
groups in the whole world.
>> Wow.
>> It was really exciting.
>> I just saw on Facebook,
I think yesterday or the day
before yesterday, was an
anniversary for CSETI and with
all the work-- and there's so
many Facebook pages now with
all these different people.
>> I know.
To imagine back then that it
would be this widespread now,
I could not have imagined it.
It's so gratifying to see.
I don't want Dr. Greer's
job, that's for sure.
>> No.
He goes charging forward
with everything blazing.
>> Yes.
Exactly.
That's not my style.
So after that-- and there's
a few books in Japan
actually that are
not in English.
And then the most
recent thing, though,
is really exciting
for me because I
was getting a lot of questions
from clients who wanted
to know their galactic history.
And I would go into
the channeling state,
and I would channel
that information.
But I found it was like going
into a really long tunnel.
It was an exhausting process.
And every time I would do
those types of sessions,
I would really be drained.
>> Now, would that be something
like going into the Akashic
records in a way, or is that--
>> I guess.
>> I've heard some people talk
about going into the Akash
and finding people's histories.
>> I guess, because it was
more than just the data.
It was also looking at the
bigger multidimensional quantum
picture of how all these
lifetimes fit together
and why you're here now also
living that matrix of all
of those lifetimes.
So in 2010, the collective being
I channeled, called Germane,
gave me the directive--
inspired by the company
I work for in Japan,
who were pushing me to do
it-- to create a set of cards.
We call them the
Galactic Heritage cards.
It's 108 cards that
moved from card one
to card 108 that moved from
the original separation
all the way through the
deepest separation and polarity
and back to reunification
and integration.
That's the energy of the deck.
So now if I work
with people who want
that information about
their galactic heritage,
the cards are a way
to jump start it
so I don't have to go deep
into that tunnel that's
so exhausting.
>> Interesting.
>> And it's actually led me
to go deeper with the galactic
heritage information.
>> So it's kind of
like a shortcut--
>> It's a shortcut.
>> --using the cards.
>> Like your metaphor, it's the
Mac one-click instead of click.
Exactly.
>> Instead of the PC version.
>> The PC version.
Exactly.
>> Several, several clicks.
Very cool.
In working with so many
individuals from Japan
and America, do you
find a difference
in their galactic heritage?
Is there a link up, or is it
all just all over the place?
>> That's interesting.
>> I guess what I'm trying
to ask then is we as races,
in our DNA are we more prone
to have a particular galactic
family base or is it
just doesn't matter?
>> I think it's
all over the place.
But this is something
I was talking
to Barbara Lam about
the other night,
actually, that she
found very surprising.
And you might find
this really surprising.
The perspective about the
Zetas from the Japanese
is totally different than
the Western perspective,
meaning that if I talk about
Zetas or channel about Zetas,
their hearts open, and
they love the Zetas.
And I started to notice--
now that I've been working
in Japan for 26 years--
I started to notice, why
aren't there abduction stories?
There are very, very few
abduction stories in Japan.
>> In Japan.
>> And I have theories
for this, but these days,
when you talk about the
Zetas, they are in love with
the Zetas.
But there's also a lot
of cultural similarities
in the sense of not
showing emotion.
>> Sure.
>> So they feel a really
strong kinship with the Zetas.
So it's really fascinating.
>> I've always felt that.
I've always felt--
>> Yeah, me too.
>> --more of a kinship.
>> Me too.
>> But, yes, fascinating.
When I go there next time--
I'm going there in a week,
so I'll ask some questions
and pay attention to
that a little bit more.
>> I mean, I wasn't really
into it when I lived in Japan.
I wasn't into the
ET stuff so much.
I liked science fiction,
and I liked aliens.
But I never-- not like now
but I was really into it.
>> Unless it's just my
group that's like a bubble.
I don't know.
Maybe you'll tell me.
>> No, I mean, when I was
doing the Citizen Hearing,
I reached out to some
researchers in Japan to see
if they would be interested
in being part of the hearings.
And during my research
and trying to find people,
I did notice there was less
of a fear-based when it came--
a lot of people just laugh
it off, the, I guess,
nonbelievers just
sort of laugh it off.
But there wasn't the
abductee category.
It was more of an
experiencer category.
>> Exactly.
>> So now that
you're saying this--
>> Exactly.
>> I'm thinking about it.
I think you're right.
but I'm going to
look into that one.
>> Yeah.
I'm curious.
>> Well, look forward to getting
into some channeling later
and diving into talking to Sasha
and whoever else wants to come
forward.
Thank you for all your
work over the years.
And I just love
having you do this,
having this opportunity
to be able to talk
to you in this manner and just
to continue to do your work.
>> And thank you
for doing your work,
because this is a huge service--
>> Absolutely.
>> --without the fear base
that you're providing.
So thank you.
>> All right.
Thank you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]